Weapons: Show trace for every bullet (#1475)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

- A crosshair is now also drawn when holding a nade, making it less confusing when looking at entities
- Hides item settings in the equipment editor that are only relevant for weapons
- The binoculars now use the default crosshair as well

> - Tracers for weapons are no longer RNG 25% chance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tracers are now drawn for every shot/pellet instead of only 25% of shots/pellets
```
